A few weeks ago, I made myself a coffee, picked up the morning newspaper and sat down to listen to the radio. I was turning the tuning knob until suddenly the velvety voice of an old man caught my attention. He said something about "a thousand balls." I got interested, turned up the volume and leaned back in my chair.

"Well," said the old man, "I bet you're very busy at work. Yesterday, today, tomorrow. And let them pay you a lot. But with this money, they buy your life. Think about it, you don't spend this time with your loved ones. I can't believe you have to work all this time to make ends meet. You work to satisfy your desires. But know that this is a vicious circle — the more money you have, the more you want and the more you work to get even more. You need to be able to ask yourself at one point: "do I really need another blouse or a car so much? And for this, you are ready to miss your daughter's first dance performance or your son's sports competition. Let me tell you something that really helped me keep and remember what is most important in my life. And he began to explain his "thousand balls" theory

— Look, one day I sat down and counted. The average person lives 75 years. I know some live less, others live more.. But they live for about 75 years. Now I multiply 75 by 52 (the number of Sundays in a year) and it turns out 3900 — that's how many Sundays you have in your life. When I thought about it, I was fifty-five. This meant that I had already lived about 2,900 Sundays. And I only had 1000 left. So I went to a toy store and bought 1000 small plastic balls. I poured them all into one transparent jar. After that, every Sunday I took out and threw out one balloon...

And I noticed that when I did this and saw that the number of balls was decreasing, I began to pay more attention to the true values of this life. There is no stronger remedy than watching the number of days you have left decrease! Now listen to the last thought that I would like to share with you today before hugging my beloved wife and going for a walk with her.This morning I pulled the last balloon out of my jar... Therefore, every subsequent day is a gift for me. I accept it with gratitude and give warmth and joy to my loved ones and loved ones. You know, I think this is the only way to live your life. I don't regret anything. It was nice talking to you, but I have to hurry to my family. I hope to hear from you again!

I thought about it. It was really something to think about. I was planning to go to work for a while today -I had to do a project. And then I was going to go to the club with my work colleagues. Instead, I went upstairs and woke my wife up with a gentle kiss.